all right eight months ago I did a video
that was entitled I've escaped from
Apple and the video was about how and
why I'd left the Apple ecosystem and as
someone that was a relatively long time
user of Apple's products like both her
mac books and their iPhones it was a
relatively big move for me so I switched
over to the 1 plus 7 Pro the main reason
why I switched over to this particular
device was the display it had this 90
Hertz display what has this 90 Hertz
display very fast high refresh rate that
just makes stuff look very smooth and
when I first use this phone and I think
this applies for any consumer or
reviewer that just looks at a phone that
has a high refresh screen it looks
remarkably smooth and compares in to
something that is like the traditional
60 Hertz but then over time you question
does this high refresh screen have an
actual benefit does it bring an
experience that is truly useful for the
average person and I will say that my
opinion of these types of displays these
faster refresh screens kind of shifted
over the past eight months okay I'll
explain the majority of time that you're
looking at your phone you're doing stuff
on your phone you're either looking at a
still image or text because you're
focusing on the content or you're
watching a video that's probably playing
at 24 maybe 30 frames per second
occasionally 60 frames per second even
twitch streamers they can go to 120
frames per second sometimes but most
twitch streamers even the most popular
ones stream out at 60 frames per second
so the vast majority of content that
you're consuming on your smart phone is
going to be at 60 frames per second or
slower it's really only a handful of
games and mainly the UI that take
advantage of the 90 Hertz and then a
fast UI is nice I mean a lot of people
talk about how it's like super important
but is it really though like it's nice
to have a you know a faster refresh
screen is smoother but it's not it's not
a game changer I don't think at least
not until the content and everything
else catches up to display higher frame
rate stuff the other thing I liked about
the oneplus 7 pro is the software I
think it has the best
iteration of Android out there I prefer
it even over what pixels offer it's
super clean but also gives you this
level of customization that I just like
like the fact
I can stick this icon pack onto this
phone without having to download an
extra launcher the fact that I can
change the UI colors like it's just it's
something that I like and I just really
like the software the other thing I
noticed about this phone the software
patches yeah you know a lot of phones
get frequent software patches but I feel
like with oneplus they frequently update
features on this phone that I actually
care about like the RAM management the
camera
the accidental touch detection on the
screen there's a lot of stuff that
they've done to make this phone a better
experience for me personally and I love
that I just I think one plus does their
updates really well I also want to talk
about the build quality in this phone I
came from an iPhone 10 a steel-framed
phone to an aluminum framed phone and
this stuff is soft like I've bumped it a
few times I've dropped it a couple times
and it scratches very easily and I've
actually cracked the back glass on it I
mean that's what you get when the phone
is cheaper I get it but it's something
that you know if you're an iPhone user
and you're used to that durable steel
frame it is a more fragile device but
the good thing is that it's cheaper way
cheaper to repair this thing than an
iPhone like this is I think 80 to $100
repair whereas an iPhone 10 is
significantly more expensive because you
have to replace the whole back of the
phone not just the back glass the camera
so one of the other prominent features
of this phone is that it doesn't have a
front facing camera well it does but
it's not built into the screen or the
bezel it's a pop-up and that's also one
of the features that I was drawn to when
I switched over to this phone but I've
noticed that it's been more inconvenient
than I thought it would be like just the
whole pop up mechanism is a little slow
when I'm video conferencing I do pretty
frequently you got to wait for that
thing to go up and down and it's okay
but I going forward I don't know if I
would go for another phone that did the
pop-up mechanism because of just my
personal use now the oneplus 7 pro has
been an awesome experience over the past
eight months it's an easy phone to
recommend easy brand to recommend they
do a lot of stuff right but I feel like
the initial reason as to why I switched
over to this phone was a little bit
short-sighted that whole pursuit of like
high refresh higher frame rates on my
phone screen it's cool it's just not a
lot of content at there takes advantage
of it so if you're in the market for a
new phone this year in 2020 because a
lot of brands are pushing out
i refresh screens as like a flagship
feature think about the stuff that use
your phone for and whether or not a high
refresh screen can actually take
advantage of it okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subsidy loved it see you
guys next time
[Music]